If you need to be hospitalized for surrogacy or oocyte donation
treatment,
do you have a health insurance
policy that covers these expenses?
Hello everyone, I am Soni Chauhan,
welcome to Policy Hub.  Where we make health
insurance simple and stress free.
Any confusion regarding health insurance and term insurance.
Book a free consultation now
with IRDAI certified experts at Policy Hub.  Link
is given in the description.  In today's video we will
cover the basic features of ICICI LB's Elevate plan.
This is a health insurance plan which
is in great demand in the market due to its advanced features and all-rounder coverage.  So
without wasting time let's start directly
with their highlights.  There is no
room category limit in ICICI Low LMB Elevate plan
and you
can select the room of your choice.  Along with this, there
is no limitation of any kind on ICU charges.  Inpatient
hospitalization, day care treatment,
domiciliary and organ donor expenses
are covered up to the sum insured.  Talking about pre-enforcement
hospitalization,
all the expenses like
doctor fees, diagnostics and medicines for 90 days before admission and 180 days after discharge.
ICC is covered in the Lobard Elevate plan.
This plan covers Ayurvedic, Unani, Siddha,
Homeopathy as well as Robotic and Modern
Treatment.  Up to the sum
insured.  In case of emergency, you can
avail ambulance facility.  Whose actual
cost is covered by the company.  Let us now discuss
some of the unique benefits of the ICICI LBA Elevate plan.  The
most important feature of ICICI Elevate Health Insurance is the reset
benefit.  If your sum insured is
exhausted due to any illness and there is a need to
claim again in the same year,
then you can claim equal to the base sum insured.
That too unlimited
times which works on both same and unrelated diseases.
Guaranteed
cumulative bonus where maximum bonus up to 100% is
available in the claim free year.  And the
special thing is that this bonus is not reduced even after taking the claim.  It gets
fixed for life time.  Next is
inpatient treatment for surrogate mother and
oocyte donor.  A surrogate mother who carries a baby
for another couple.  And oocyte
donors who donate their eggs
for another couple's fertility treatment.   The
cost of which
is covered only in the ICICI LBD Elvid Plan.  Well Consult
Program where the company provides
you premium discount up to 30% to stay fit.
So friends, ICIC LBD
LVID plan is a complete package which
covers you from every aspect.  Be it surrogacy
expenses, modern treatment or
unlimited reset benefits.  Now
tell me in the comment section, do you think it is
necessary to have coverage for gestation and oocyte donors in health insurance plans in today's time
?  In the next video, we will
talk about some of the stand out add ons of the ICICI Low LMB Elevate plan
which gives flexibility to this plan.
If you still have any confusion,
book a free consultation with Policy Hub's
IRDI certified experts who
understand your needs and provide you better guidance without any sales pressure.  The
link is given in the description.  And
if you find this video informative then do
like the video and share it with your family and friends
and if you have not subscribed then do it
now so that
you keep getting the latest updates related to health insurance on time.
See you in the next video.  Till then
stay safe, stay insured.